Update lights docs (#67)
husarion/panther_ros: panther_lights/LIGHTS_API.md

# Animation API

## Animation class

Basic animation type. This class consists of:

Arguments:

> - `animation_description` [*dict*]: a dictionary containing animation description. Contain following keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `animation_description` [*dict*]: a dictionary with animation description. Contain following keys:
```

  - `brightness` [*float*, optional]: will be assigned to the `self._brightness` variable as a value in a range [0,255].
  - `duration` [*float*]: will be assigned to `self._duration` variable.
  - `repeat` [*int*, optional]: will be assigned to `self._loops` variable.
- `num_led` [*int*]: number of LEDs in a panel.
- `controller_freq` [*float*]: controller frequency at which animation frames will be processed.

> Methods:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Functions:
```

> - `__call__` - returns a list of length `num_led` with **RGB** values of colors to be displayed on the LED panel based on the `_update_animation` method. Handles animation repeating updates animation iteration and progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `__call__` - returns a list of length `num_led` with **RGB** values of colors to be displayed on the LED panel based on the `_update_animation` method. Handles looping over animation based on `repeating` parameter, iterating over animation, and updating its progress.
```

> - `_update_animation` - returns a list of length `num_led` with **RGB** values of colors to be displayed on the LED panel. Colors are described as a list of integers with respectively **R**, **G**, and **B** color values. By default not implemented.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `_update_animation` - returns a list of shape (`num_led`, 3) with **RGB** values of colors to be displayed on the LED panel. Colors are described as a list of integers with respectively **R**, **G**, and **B** color values. By default not implemented.
```

- `reset` - resets animation to initial state. If overwritten requires calling parent class implementation first.
- `set_param` - allows processing an additional parameter passed to the animation when it is created. 

Properties:

- `brightness` [*float*]: returns animation brightness from `self._brightness`.
- `finished` [*bool*]: returns value indicating if the animation execution process has finished from `self._finished`.
- `num_led` [*int*]: returns number of LEDs from `self._num_led`.
- `progress` [*float*]: returns animation execution progress from `self._progress`.

## Defining new animation type

> It is possible to define your own animation type with expected, new behavior. All animation definitions are stored in `/src/animation` and inherit from the basic class `Animation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to define your own animation type with expected, new behavior. All animation definitions are stored in `/src/animation` and inherit from the basic `Animation` class.
```

> The new animation definition should contain `ANIMATION_NAME` used to identify it. Frames are processed in ticks with a frequency of `controller_freq`. It is required to overwrite the `_update_animation` method which must return a list representing frame for a given tick. The advised way is to use the `self._anim_iteration` variable  (current animation tick) to produce an animation frame. The length of the frame has to match `self._num_led`. Each element of the frame represents a color for a single LED in the LED panel. Colors are described as a list of integers with respectively **R**, **G**, and **B** color values. Additional parameters (eg. image path) can be passed to the `animaiton_description` and processed using the `self._animation_description` variable. See example below or other animation definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new animation definition should contain `ANIMATION_NAME` used to identify it. Frames are processed in ticks with a frequency of `controller_freq`. It is required to overwrite the `_update_animation` method which must return a list representing frame for a given tick. The advised way is to use the `self._anim_iteration` variable  (current animation tick) as a time base for animation frame. The length of the frame has to match `self._num_led`. Each element of the frame represents a color for a single LED in the LED panel. Colors are described as a list of integers with respectively **R**, **G**, and **B** color values. Additional parameters (eg. image path) can be passed within `animaiton_description` and processed using the `self._animation_description` variable. See example below or other animation definitions.
```

Create new animation type:

```python 
# my_cool_animation.py
from animation import Animation

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: According to code style there should be 2 lines separation before class definition.
